OPC UA Gateway thin-edge.io integration (#945)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/opcua-bundle/register-gateway-as-device.md

4. Click **Accept** to complete the registration.

![Device Registration Acceptance](/images/device-protocols/opcua/opcua-device-registration.png)

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> If you run the OPC UA Gateway in thin-edge mode, manual registration is not needed. Thin-edge will automatically register OPC UA Gateway at Cumulocity as subdevice.

Reviewer: -> as subdevice of the thinEdge device.

Author: yes, makes sense, done

> If you run the OPC UA Gateway in thin-edge mode, manual registration is not needed. Thin-edge will automatically register OPC UA Gateway at Cumulocity as subdevice of its device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you run the OPC UA Gateway in Thin Edge mode, manual registration is not needed. Thin Edge automatically registers the OPC UA Gateway at {{< product-c8y-iot >}} as a sub-device of its device.
```
